>> Kyle Simpson: And you're wondering
why and thanks for asking, I have three
reasons why you should always prefer this
thing that's gonna take you more time and
effort to write out all those
names to those functions, right?
We know that one of the classic hard
problems in computer science is naming
things, and, you're telling me I gotta
go come up with all these names.
Trust me, I'm in the same boat, every time
I write a function, I'm like, I don't know
what to call this thing, can't come up
with a good name, I understand that.
But there are three reasons which I think,
together, make a solid case,
that that effort is critical,
that it's necessary,
that you should always,
always use name-function expressions.
So number one prefer a name function
expression, because the name produces or
creates a reliable self-reference to
the function from inside of itself.
That is useful if you're going
to make the function recursive.
It's useful if that function is
an event handler of some sort and
it needs to reference
itself to unbind itself.
It's useful if you need to
access any properties on that
function object such as its link or
its name or other thing of that sort.
Anytime you might need a self
reference to the function,
the single only right answer to that
question is, it needs to have a name.
There were some pre ES6 sorts of hacks or
an even pre ES5 sorts of hacks,
where you could use arguments start
calling as a reference to the function,
it's not broken but
essentially deprecated.
The way to get a reference to
a function from inside of itself and
have a reliable reference is to use
the name of your function expression.
In that previous example, when I had
a variable name that was in the global
scope, and
then I had my function expression.
Would it be more or less reliable for
me to make a reference to a marble in
my own scope that is read only, or
to reference a marble in an enclosing
scope that is not read only?
>> Kyle Simpson: If I wanted to reference
myself from inside of the function, and
I had the choice between referencing
myself with a marble in my own
scope that is read only,
the name of my function expression.
Or I could self-reference myself with
the variable that my function had
be assigned to in the outer scope,
which isn't by default read only.
Which one of those two would
be the better self reference?
>> Speaker 2: The first one.
>> Kyle Simpson: First one,
right, the one that you own and
that is read only is a more
reliable self reference.
So, number one, if there's any possible
chance remotely that you're gonna
need a self reference,
it's best to go ahead and name it.
Even if you don't need it now,
you might need it in the future,
it's best to go ahead and
name it, that's reason number one.
Reason number two, why you should always
prefer named function expressions.
How many of you have ever had a JavaScript
exception where you had to debug it by
looking at a stack trace?
Okay, how many of you love seeing
anonymous function, over and over again,
line after line in your stack traces?
Especially, when we're talking about
production code that's been minified, so
they all say line 1, character 32,712,
cuz we all know exactly which
function that is, right?
Guess what happens if you use a name for
your function expressions?
It shows up in the stack trace.
If you use a good name not like food bar,
but like handle user click,
it's going to show up in the stack trace.
So automatically by naming your functions,
you make your code more debuggable,
you make your stack
traces more debuggable.
Truth, I have on multiple occasions,
looked at a stack trace that had good,
useful semantic names in it, and
been able to tell the source of the bug
simply by looking at the names and
the order of the functions, what didn't
get called and what did get called.
Didn't even have to look at the code,
I knew immediately what the bug
was just from having the names.
And even if you do have to look at the
code, you're still approaching the code
with more mental context from that
stack trace than you would before.
Now I think that rule in and
of itself is enough to justify
always name your functions.
I don't know about you, but I need all
the help I can debugging my programs.
So, the extra effort is gonna pay off
in dividends every time I have to debug
the code.
Number two,
we want to have debuggable stack traces.
And number three, and I think personally
this might be the most important of all,
but it's certainly the one
that seems least obvious or
maybe it's a little more
controversial to other people.
Number three,
by putting a name on your function,
you make that code more self-documenting.
If I have a function that is anonymous,
and I look at that function to figure out
what that anonymous function is doing,
I have to read the function body and
I also probably have to read
where it's being parsed.
>> Kyle Simpson: And I have to infer
from those two pieces of information,
the purpose of the function.
I may be able to infer the purposes
that it handles user clicks.
But I would rather the reader not have
to infer that its purpose is to handle
user clicks when I could put a name
there that makes it completely and
totally unambiguous.
The function named handle user
clicks doesn't require any other
reading of the rest of the code,
for me to figure out,
you want me to handle user
clicks with this function, yes?
>> Speaker 3: So this is more of a best
practices question seems very compelling.
My first instinct is then to say,
okay, I'll just name the expression
the same thing that I will name the
variable of the scope above, I'm assuming,
a, is that a case of shadowing?
And b,-
>> Kyle Simpson: It is a case of
shadowing.
>> Speaker 3: And at B, that's probably
incredibly problematic for debris or is
that something that would be considered-
>> Kyle Simpson: I wouldn't consider
shadowing to be a problem or
not a problem.
In that particular scenario, I think it is
unlikely that you're gonna need to have
both references to the function.
Maybe you're gonna need to and if you do,
you're gonna have to name them something
different, you're now gonna
have to avoid shadowing.
But in most cases, if there is one
definitive name for what this thing is,
name both of them now if you want to.
My personal opinion is don't do function
expression on the variable anyway,
do a function declaration and there's
just one name but, if you are going
to make a variable then it probably makes
more sense if there's only one name.
There are caveats to this, though, because
sometimes, the usage of that function,
where it's being passed to,
or what it's going to do,
it may have a different purpose than how
you wanna describe it, in and of itself.
So it might in fact be that there's
a different, more appropriate name for
the function, as opposed to what
property it's being assigned to, or
what variable it's being assigned to.
So they are not necessarily the same,
but sometimes they might be, helpful?
Good, so these three I think,
taken together,
make an ironclad case
that your functions would
make better code if your
functions are named.
Now I understand that that is problematic
for most people that have that
finger muscle memory of writing
the functions anonymously.
That I've seen every single blog since the
jQuery days, using anonymous functions.
That every piece of code you've ever
had any access to anonymous functions
everywhere.
And all of a sudden, here's this
one guy telling you, no, no, no,
those all need names.
I get it, that's problematic,
it's troublesome, it's extra work.
But you have to go back to what I
said about the purpose of code.
The purpose of code is not to
be convenient for you to type.
The purpose of code is for you to
communicate more clearly your intent.
There are ways to solve
each of these problems but
the best way to solve these
problems is to name the function.
So someone asked just a moment ago, what
happens if I assign an anonymous function
to property, or to a variable or
something, what happens to the name?
Well, it's still an anonymous function,
it still doesn't have a lexical
self-reference to itself.
Could you reference the variable
in the outer scope?
Of course you can, but it's a little less
reliable, a little less trustable, and
I would argue a little less semantic.
Is it gonna show up with
a name in the stack trace?
Depending upon where that
function expression exists,
it might be able to have a name inferred.
For example,
if it's assigned to a variable,
then generally as long as there isn't
some complex destructuring code in place,
generally it's going to just take the name
and infer that's what you mean for
the purposes of the stack trace,
except here is the big problem, 99.9%
of all cases where people use anonymous
functions expressions is as callbacks.
They pass them in line directly to
other functions like .map, .then,
all those and guess what?
When you pass a function
expression in a call position,
there's no way to infer any name from it.
So you don't get the benefit
of that name inference,
you have to assign it to a variable to
get the name inference or to a property.
And if you're gonna go to the trouble
to assign it to a variable why
not just make it a declaration?
Why write a variable and
then have to write the name twice?
I don't see any reason why you should
strongly prefer making more work for
yourself and making it a little
bit more confusing for people.
And that's not even the only difference,
when we talk about hoisting later we're
gonna see there's a big
difference in hoisting.
So I think you should prefer function
declarations with names if you're
gonna pass in a function expression, put a
name on it just like you would have if it
were a function declaration,
give it the same name.
Now I understand that naming is hard but
really the only legitimate reason why you
don't name your functions cuz you're too
lazy or uncreative to come up with a name.
There is no reason why an anonymous
function is preferrable.
There is no argument that can be made
that that name is distracting or
is unhelpful for
the purposes of code readability.
Any argument that people have made
to that extent is complete bunk.
People tell you all over the place
in books and blogs, no, no,
no, all that extra stuff
is totally unnecessary.
And they're thinking
completely wrongly about this,
cuz they're not thinking about
the purpose of good semantic names.
The purpose of a function name is to
tell you why does this thing exist.
My assertion is that every function
that exists in your program,
every single function has a purpose.
And if every function has a purpose,
it means every function has a name.
And it's up to you to come up with that
name and put it in your code, not make
the reader of your code have to figure it
out every single time they read the code.
If you can not come up with a name for
the function,
it probably means that you don't
understand that function yet.
It probably means,
that function is too complex,
and needs to be broken down into
smaller pieces until such a time
as those names are completely self
obvious, and then put them there.
It's a leading indicator of more
problematic code when you can't
come up with a name or
the name that you can come up with is
14 words long like we do in Java, okay?
That usually means this
function is doing too much.
There was a question over here, yes?
>> Speaker 4: So are you saying
that the use of anonymous functions
is really just to type less,
that's really all.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's
exactly what I'm saying, and
it gets worse when we go
to the next slide, yes.
>> Speaker 5: So it sounds like you
definitely prefer declarations,
is there ever, is there a good use for
a function expression?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, absolutely,
function expression sometimes
are absolutely necessary.
My personal rule of thumb,
other than places where you have to,
my personal rule of thumb is that I prefer
function declaration if it's more than
three lines of code.
If it's one, two, or three lines of code,
generally I'm gonna make that
an inline function expression.
Unless, that thing needs to be called
multiple times, in which case,
I'm gonna make it a function declaration,
even if it's one line.
>> Kyle Simpson: But those are just
sort of general guidelines in case,
your mileage may vary, as they say, okay?
So guess what, I still struggle with this,
even though for
years I've been preaching this message and
telling people.
And you're the 10,000th student
to ever hear me say this, right?
I've said this all over the world for
years and
I still struggle with this problem and
here's the trick that I use.
Number one, I don't ever write code
just once and then I'm done with it,
code is always an iterative
process where I'm refactoring it.
When I start to write a function, I almost
certainly don't know yet exactly how and
what that function's gonna be for
or what the structure's gonna be.
So I just accept the fact that whatever
name I come up with is not written in
stone and
I'm gonna change it multiple times.
And if I legitimately can't
come up with any good name yet,
I start with the name TODO, T-O-D-O
because I'm in a habit of searching for
TODO comments before I commit things.
And I'll find those unnamed functions and
at that point maybe have a better
sense of what it ought to be called.
Still a process that you have to work on,
it is still an effort, and it still my
extinctual habit even all these years
later that I start with the anonymous
function but then I realized all of these
benefits and I go back and I name them.